(Yuya)
Previously
on "Yu‐Gi‐Oh! ARC‐V"...
(Melissa)
Hope you're ready...
because we are about to begin
the second day of dueling
in the Friendship Cup!
And to kick things off,
it'll be Officer 227
of the Duel Chaser Division
versus Yuya Sakaki!
You all need to know
something!
When a duelist loses, they're
sent away to the underground
where they're forced
into hard labor!
Huh?
What?
And once they're there,
they stay there,
cleaning up trash
against their will
for the rest of their lives!
So naiïve.
You ain't from here,
are ya?
This is life
in the big city!
Am I right, y'all?
(cheering)
You mean you're all okay
with this?
You bet!
Let's Duel!
I guess my dueltaining will have
to change their minds.
(laughing)
Introducing Odd‐Eyes
Saber Dragon!
Attack Jutte Lord
with all of your might!
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon,
attack 227 directly!
(Melissa)
And we have our winner!
Yuya...
(Melissa)
Congratulations, Yuya!
Huh?
Just listen to that crowd.
They absolutely adore you!
(Yuya)
Wait, stop!
Don't do it!
Don't take him
to the underground!
It's wrong!
You're making a mistake!
♪
♪ Hey hey
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me
Competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready
to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone
anywhere any day ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance? ♪
♪ Go 'head and roll
the dice ♪
♪ See if
it's in your cards ♪
♪ If you'll pay
the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell ♪
♪ Let your powers come
to life ♪
♪ It's showtime ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go 'head
and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪
I did my best to show everyone
that dueling is
about having fun.
But in the end, the whole city
still thinks
sending someone
to the underground is okay.
All righty, folks!
Two more duelists
are about to dance,
with Yugo taking on
Sylvio Sawatari!
Sylvio?
That means more R&R for me.
Once again, cast aside
like a soggy sandwich!
How come Sylvio gets to duel
instead of me?
Huh?
Syl‐vi‐o...
I'm finally up!
It was starting to feel like
they'd never call my name!
I'm totally revved up
for this party!
This is for Rin Rin.
You and I both had a dream‐‐
to one day duel
in the Friendship Cup.
And today that dream is
coming true!
Okay, I'm primed
and ready to go supersonic
and leave the competition
in the dust!
(Melissa)
It's time to say howdy‐doo
to our duelists!
Give 'em an earful of
cheerful as they blast onto the
field!
And the first to take
to the track is Yugo!
Followed by
Sylvio Sawatari!
The great dueltainer!
For anyone who wants
an autograph,
meet me in the winner's circle
after the duel!
(crowd booing)
(man) Sylvio?
More like Sylvi‐no!
(booing)
Yugo's up.
(crowd cheering)
This crowd is already
charged up,
and I haven't even
beaten you yet!
I can feel their adulation
coursing through my whole body!
Don't go spoiling my moment
by losing too quickly!
No need to worry,
'cause I won't lose.
Our duel begins...
now!
So fire up...
the Action Field...
Crossover Acceleration!
(computer)
Duel Mode engaged.
Autopilot standing by.
(Melissa)
On your marks...
get set...
Go!
Let's duel!
(Yugo)
Need a manual?
I'm fine!
(Melissa)
Hoo‐wee!
That's some fancy
freeform drivin'!
Fancy and fast enough to earn
him the right to go first!
Hey, not bad
for a first‐timer, huh?
Not too good either.
Oh, really?
Check this!
I'm going for gold
with my very first move!
I'll use my Scale 3
Abyss Actor Extras...
and my Scale 8 Abyss Actor
Funky Comedian
to set the Pendulum Scale!
Okay, actors!
Take your places, please!
Now, I can summon monsters
between Level 4 and 7
all at the same time!
I Pendulum Summon!
Now meet some of my other
cast members!
Monsters, emerge!
Like the talented
Abyss Actor Superstar!
And the unpredictable Abyss
Actor Sassy Rookie!
(Melissa)
Sylvio's one of those
dueltainer types,
and it looks like
his entertaining ways
have turned the crowd's
jeers into cheers!
Pulling out all
the stops, I see.
That was just
the warm‐up act.
Superstar's special ability
lets me get Abyss Script
Opening Ceremony!
Ha!
And it will serve
as your closing ceremony!
Attention one and all!
This spell ups
my life points by 500
for each Abyss Actor
in attack mode!
This is how I roll, bold and
brash, with plenty of flash!
And the best is yet to come!
(crowd cheering)
I dare you to try
and top that!
Challenge accepted!
You're going down!
Sylvio...
When there's no other monsters
on my field,
I can summon this.
Speedroid Terrortop!
And when I have Terrortop
on the field,
I'm also allowed to bring out
Speedroid Taketomborg!
Hiya!
But I'm not done yet.
Next, I'll roll out
the Tuner Monster...
Speedroid Red‐Eyed Dice!
I tune Level 1 Red‐Eyed Dice
with Level 3 Terrortop
and Taketomborg!
Here goes!
This duel is about to take off
in a big way!
Get set for a monster
that will beat its wings
and whip up a whirlwind
of destruction...
I Synchro Summon!
Clear Wing Synchro Dragon!
(Melissa)
Jumping Jiminy!
Yugo just Synchro Summoned
in record time!
That Dragon's
awful powerful
and it looks like it's got
a nasty temper, too!
A dragon...
This should be fun!
Destroying Dragons is
my favorite hobby!
I've never done it
while riding a Duel Runner,
but that will simply add
to the drama!
Hurry up and end
your turn so I can attack!
You'll have to wait for me
to attack first!
Clear Wing,
take out Sassy Rookie
with Spin Storm Sky Strike!
Rookie, do your thing!
Shield yourself
and deflect that blast!
Your monster may be safe,
but your life points aren't!
That's enough fun
for one turn!
Back to you, Sylvio!
(Melissa)
What a duel!
Just look at how Yugo
and Sylvio
are jostling
for position!
What's going on,
Odd‐Eyes?
Why are you glowing?
It's my turn once again!
Ha‐ha‐ha!
You damaged me
a little just now,
but that setback only makes
things more interesting.
As long as I'm able
to Pendulum Summon,
there's no way you can't
stop me from winning.
That's not gonna happen,
'cause I activate the trap
Dragon's Bind!
You're no longer allowed
to Pendulum Summon any monster
that has less attack points than
Clear Wing Synchro Dragon.
So if you planned
to Pendulum Summon a monster
with 2,500 attack points
or less, you're out of luck!
Oh, no!
Your deck's basically
on lockdown!
And if you're thinking
of attacking my Dragon,
Follow Wing will make you
think twice!
Clear Wing Synchro Dragon
can't be destroyed in battle!
Plus, when a Level 5‐or‐above
monster attacks it,
that monster will be destroyed
and then my Clear Wing gets
all of its attack points!
So if the only thing attacking
does is hurt me,
thanks but no thanks!
I'm outta here!
You can run,
but you can't hide!
Sooner or later,
I'll catch up!
(Sylvio)
People, the Sylvio Show is
far from over!
Even though I can't
Pendulum Summon,
I'll summon my monsters to
the stage the old‐fashioned
way!
Please give a warm welcome to
my Abyss Actor Leading Lady!
Did you summon that monster
to battle my Dragon
or to go trick‐or‐treating?
Your Leading Lady won't be
able to destroy my Clear Wing.
Then it's a good thing
I know a way
to make
your Clear Wing disappear
without destroying it
in combat!
I just have to tap into
Superstar's special ability
so I can get the spell
Abyss Script Fantasy Magic!
That will send your Dragon
back to your hand!
The world's greatest
dueltainer is ready to strike!
I activate Superstar's
special ability!
It doesn't matter what you do
thanks to my Clear Wing
Synchro Dragon!
When your monster
that's Level 5‐or‐above
activates its special ability,
Clear Wing Synchro Dragon
not only stops it,
but your monster is
also destroyed!
Reverse Revenge!
Aw, great!
If you want to get rid
of Clear Wing,
you've got to be more clever
than that, Sylvi‐no!
My Dragon has more talent than
any Monster in your whole deck!
If I win, Sylvio will be forced
to work
in the underground refinery.
(gasps)
If I win?
Ugh.
Still plenty of duel left!
I activate the spell
Abyss Prop Wild Wagon!
Ha!
(horses neighing)
Time for my monsters
to hit the trail!
'Cause everyone knows
there's nothing more dramatic
than a chase!
Whoa!
Sylvio's Monsters are making
a break for it!
They won't get far!
(Melissa)
The excitement is building,
folks!
Sylvio's monsters are bolting
down the track
like a pair of
rabid coyotes!
But Clear Wing's determined
to cut 'em off at the
pass!
Quit running scared!
Stage fright
got you?
Me, scared?
Get real!
I'm making the most
of the moment
so this crowd gets
their money's worth!
(Sylvio)
I end my turn!
With the end of your turn, Clear
Wing's ability wears off!
So its attack points
return to normal!
My turn!
Hiya!
All right, Clear Wing,
go and attack!
Take out his Leading Lady!
Fortunately, my Wagon comes
with built‐in defenses!
Since my Leading Lady hitched a
ride, she's won't be
destroyed!
Oh, she's safe,
but you're sure not!
You still take damage!
In this case,
I don't mind taking damage,
'cause now, my Leading Lady
can use her special ability!
She works her witchcraft to chip
away at your Dragon's
strength!
And your Clear Wing
loses attack points
equal to the damage
that I took.
That little sorceress
is full of surprises!
She's got a wand and she is
not afraid to wield it!
That's what you get
for selling the world's
greatest dueltainer short!
Here goes!
Leading Lady, do you thing!
Clear Wing's special ability
activates!
Destroying your Leading Lady!
My Wagon has more surprises
for you!
It protects my Leading Lady
from any spells, traps,
or special abilities that
you activate during this turn,
leaving her free to keep
working her magic!
(gasping)
Weakening your Clear Wing
gives me an added advantage,
'cause your Dragon's Bind
trap will be weaker, too!
Now I can Pendulum Summon
monsters
with more than 1,500
attack points instead of 2,500!
While you were busy coasting,
we were going into overdrive!
(Melissa)
That Sylvio is one
clever cowboy!
For a minute there, he
looked like buzzard food,
but he just turned the tables
on Yugo lickety‐split!
Yugo...
You don't know when to quit,
do you, Sylvio?
In fact, that's something
we both have in common!
(both)
It's your turn!
That last series of moves was so
amazing I even impressed myself,
but that's nothing compared
to the grand finale
I've planned for you!
Let me show you!
Since I already set
my Pendulum Scale...
I Pendulum Summon!
Superstar, I'm calling on you
for an encore performance!
(Melissa)
Bravo!
That there's some
crackerjack card play!
Next, Funky Comedian will
get into the act
by using its Pendulum ability!
By sending Abyss Actor Superstar
back to my Extra Deck,
Abyss Actor Sassy Rookie gains
Superstar's attack points.
All righty, Rookie!
Attack Clear Wing pronto!
(Melissa)
Jeepers!
Yugo just took a heap‐load
of damage!
My Leading Lady
will join in the fun, too!
By wielding her special ability,
she can clear out all
of Clear Wing's attack points!
(Melissa)
Zero attack points?
That Lady just turned
Yugo's Dragon into a
pussycat!
Sensational!
Once my Leading Lady attacks
Clear Wing Synchro Dragon,
you, sir, will lose the duel!
(Melissa)
Uh‐oh, it looks like
the jig is up for Yugo!
Leading Lady,
this is your big moment!
Attack and win me this duel!
(Sylvio)
It's over, Yugo!
It's an Action Card!
(gasps)
(Melissa)
Will it be enough?
I'm activating Miracle!
Not only does this Action Spell
save my Clear Wing
from being destroyed,
it cuts the damage I take
in half!
Yugo's still in this match!
If there's one thing
I can't stand,
it's a duelist
who hogs the spotlight,
especially when I'm trying
to hog it!
I've left you
too weak to win, though!
(Melissa)
Yugo's life points are
running on fumes!
Does he have anything left in
the tank to stage a
comeback?
Here goes!
If I don't get the card I need
on this next draw,
it's all over.
Excellent!
Now I've got a road map
to victory!
I'm summoning
Speedroid Double Yoyo!
Yah!
And its special ability
lets me summon
another Speedroid
from my graveyard,
so welcome back to the battle,
Speedroid Red‐Eyed Dice!
You're going
to Synchro Summon?
Even if you succeed,
it'll be too little too late!
My Speedroid Red‐Eyed Dice tunes
my Speedroid Double Yoyo!
Yah!
By merging the best
of both monsters,
I'm about to go supersonic
and break every speed barrier
that exists!
I Synchro Summon!
Hit the accelerator,
Hi‐Speedroid Hagoita!
By tributing Hagoita...
all the monsters on the field
gain a special ability!
(both gasping)
Did you say all of them?
That's right!
So from here on out,
whenever a monster's
level changes,
those monster's gain
one additional level.
Ha!
All that trouble,
for something not very useful,
I'm afraid.
You should be afraid,
Sylvio!
I'm taking control
of this duel starting now!
Huh?
(gasps)
I activate the spell
Hi‐Speed Re‐Level!
I'm kicking this duel
into high gear!
By banishing Hagoita
from my graveyard,
all our monsters change
to match its Level!
So all the monsters on the field
are Level 5!
And now,
thanks to Hagoita's ability,
all our monsters gain one level!
I am so not digging
this plot twist!
Now you can activate
Clear Wing's ability.
That's right!
A special ability
that will take you down!
So it all comes down to this!
Since your Leading Lady
and Sassy Rookie are now
above Level 5,
my Dragon can now send them
to the showers!
Clear Wing now gains
the attack points
of the monsters
that were just destroyed,
making it strong enough
to finish you off!
Clear Wing, take flight
and finish off this fight!
Huh?!
Spin Storm Sky Strike!
(grunting)
(Melissa)
Yee‐haw!
What a duel!
Those boys had
my head spinning
like an out‐of‐control
merry‐go‐round!
But in the end, Yugo pulled
off one doozy of a win!
Huh?
(thinking)
What happened?
It's like I was dueling.
I aced this duel
and now it's on to round two!
I just wish Rin Rin could have
seen me win.
There were a couple
of times there
where I wasn't sure
if I was watching Yugo or Yuya.
I was so close to winning,
I could taste it!
(growls)
(man)
That was funtastic, Sylvio,
but the fun's over now!
(woman)
Sorry to see you go!
(man 2)
Yeah, your dueltaining
style rocks!
Too bad I'll never see
you duel again!
(women)
We love you!
(crowd cheering)
(Melissa)
Sylvio may have been
the runner‐up,
but it sounds like
he won this crowd over!
Huh?
(Sylvia)
Yugo!
Huh?
Don't you hear
that cheering?
We brought these fans
to their feet!
Give 'em a little
love back!
Get off that runner
and take a bow!
Huh?
You know, it's strange.
I didn't notice before,
but you look a lot like Yuya.
Huh?
You're not the first
to say that.
In fact, I would say...
the two of you look
exactly alike.
Why is that?
You made it close, superstar.
But not quite
close enough.
Now come along.
Show's over.
Wait, come along where?
Let me go!
Remove your hands!
This ensemble is expensive!
No.
Not you, too!
♪ You vs. me,
competition
for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers
come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime,
Who will win
the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and
make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat
my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn,
your tricks ♪
♪ Now what will
you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel
the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime,
Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel
the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime,
Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel
the power? ♪